# Team-Project-30
<hr style="border:2px solid gray"> </hr>
Topic 1 : Predicting Parking Spot Availability


1. Introduction <br/>
Parking, especially in the Bay area is a problem that anyone who has a car almost inevitably faces. Finding a parking lot is a hassle and finding an available slot in a parking lot is even more challenging. Its high time we think of a better parking solution that will allow users to save their valuable time and money.

2. Abstract <br/>
What if we provide a way for people to rent their parking spots? People in Bay area do commute everyday from one place to another. We intend to solve the problem of parking spot availability by allowing users to list their private parking spaces as available and providing the same to someone who is looking for the parking space in the same area. By sharing their private parking spaces, the users can get monetory benefits and at the same help us solve the parking issue in Bay Area. Further,we intend to analyze the data generated by our solution and also external datasets to predict how many slots and which locations parking spots are available during a certain time of the day.  

3. Approach <br/>
We plan to create a distributed web application that will allow owners of the parking spaces to rent their parking spaces for how much ever time they want. Users of the application can pay and book such parking slots that are listed on the website. </br>
We also intend to analyze the dataset generated by our solution and external datasets like the one offered by Bay Wheels to predict parking spot availabiltiy.


4. Persona <br/>
We have identified two user personas.</br>
1:Owners of the parking space, who can list their private parking spaces as available.</br>
2:Users of the application, who are looking for parking spaces.</br>
3:Admin</br>

5. Dataset Links <br/>
https://www.kaggle.com/dcshah/bay-wheels-2019-data/activity
<hr style="border:2px solid gray"> </hr>

Topic 2: Predicting Instagram Influencers’ Popularity

1. Introduction </br>
Social media marketing can play a very important role in promoting a product or a service. A marketer may want to decide between a set of available influncers for their marketing campaigns. They can benefit more by collaboarating with an influencer with more reach and popularity. <br/>
An Instagram influencer is someone who’s built a reputation around a certain niche on Instagram. They are essentially a brand ambassador for your business.<br/>
According to HypeAuditor’s State of Influencer Marketing 2021 report, the Instagram influencer market is expected to grow 15% in 2021, reaching a market cap of $5.8 billion by the end of the year.<br/>

2. Abstract <br/>
We intend to analyze the past data of top Instagram influencers in India and predict whether their popularity will grow or decline in the future.<br/>

3. Approach <br/>
We will retrieve the Instagram influencers data from Starngage website.<br/>
We will preprocess that data and use machine learning alogirthms to predict their popularity. <br/>

4. Persona <br/>
This model can be used by a marketer to decide which Instagram influencer will be more popular in future based on the predicted popularity, they can then collaborate with those influencers to increase their outreach and get a better return on their social media marketing investment. <br/>

5. Dataset links <br/>
https://starngage.com/app/id/influencer/ranking/india  <br/>


<hr style="border:2px solid gray"> </hr>

Topic 3: News Recommendation System Using NER<br/>

Introduction to the problem statement<br/>
The recommendation system dominates how we discover new content and ideas in today's world. This is a proven approach for news publishers to recommend relevant articles and ads to their readers. This approach can be used to make the articles more engaging for the readers. Such recommendations can be generated by using Named Entity Recognition on the news articles.

Abstract<br/>
Extract named entities from different news articles using the Spacy library in python, then use a machine-learning algorithm to match different articles and look for similarities. Then generate recommendations based on the similarities for each article. 

Approach<br/>
Bloomberg News API will be used for the input news feed data. This data will be passed through the Named Entity Recognizer to extract and generate a set of named entities for each article. The extracted named entities set can then be processed by a machine-learning algorithm to find similarities and generate recommendations for each article.
The articles with recommendation will be displayed to the user along with tags for each article.

Persona<br/>
News article readers.

Dataset links<br/>
Live news feed: Bloomberg API
https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/support/api-library/
